That's the bad news. The good news is
that the other person also has to
compromise. If mutual compromise isn't
present in a relationship, then it's
probably not a healthy dynamic.
Self-acceptance. This is related to
mindfulness. You are an evolving dynamic
process, not a fixed entity. Allow
yourself to be imperfect. Allow yourself
to have parts that need work, parts that
other people don't like, even parts that
you yourself don't like. Don't try to
get rid of those parts because it never
works. Don't try to force yourself into
feeling or performing in a way that you
think will make other people happy.
Don't punish yourself for not fitting a
preconceived idea of who or what you are
quote supposed to be. There is no
supposed